---
layout: post
title:  "IT BEGINS"
date:   2015-10-07 16:34:05
categories: honeyImhome!
---
Hi, reader. This is my first post. I've successfully edited it & added it to me `_posts` directory.

You may notice, as I said, that this is my first post. Dry as it may be to discuss the reasons why this exists in the first place, I'll do so anyway. You know how people who enjoy their field occasionally talk about said field? Yeah, I didn't realize other people did that, either, but they do! They gave me 2000% motivation to put myself out there and present my thoughts to the world!

Maybe that was a bit too grandiose. Maybe that's what a first post should be anyway. Plus I'm getting used to new software in the form of Jekyll, so I should test it out with everything they present me & more. Maybe all this will appear; if it does, I'll be so tickled. I'll be able to have a place to talk about my projects & make it look great!

Alright, time to see. I've edited the text, and I'm soon to edit any of the other necessary contents to make Jekyll happy. Then I'll be able to run `jekyll serve` to verify that my ramblings have indeed made it into a new post.

To me, as a reminder: `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext`. You'll get it soon enough. Also, that's so cool! I'll be able to post code snippets as well as posting code snippets! Wait. Hold on. That sounds redundant. Maybe we could fix that.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight c++ %}
class Magic{
    public:
        Magic(){isThisMagic = true;}
        bool heyIsntThisMagic() {return isThisMagic;}
    private:
        bool isThisMagic;
}

public void produceMagic(){
    std::cout << "You see this page and you KNOW I'm amazing at coding! " +
        "I'm so amazing, you question why I'm not producing tens of thousands" +
        " of lines of code each day! Because sleep is important. BUT IF SLEEP" +
        " WASN'T IMPORTANT, you'd see stuff like what follows this!";
    Magic magicalInstance = new Magic();
    if(magicalInstance.isThisMagic()){
        printf("This is magical, isn't it?");
    }
}
//Pretend that this function actually magically improved everything I wrote above.
//No no. Go ahead. Pretend. I'll be here when you're done.
{% endhighlight %}


Visit me on [Twitter (@AEWallace)][twitterln]. For nonsense, you can visit my [Tumblr (also aewallace)][tumblrln]. I also have a [Flickr][flickrln] account which is underused, and I spend most of my time doing what I can to give folks tech advice at [club.myce.com][myceln]. Sometimes (rarely) I even write news there!

That should have probably gone into the About page I neglected to set up properly. I advise you to go check it out. It's HILARIOUS.
**A. E. Wallace out**

[twitterln]:	twitter.com/aewallace
[tumblrln]:	aewallace.tumblr.com
[myceln]:	club.myce.com
[flickrln]:	https://www.flickr.com/photos/aewallace/
